Added upgrade guide for Classic Plone 6.0. (#1135)
plone/documentation: upgrading/version_specific_migration/v60.md

# Upgrade to Plone 6.0

Plone 6.0 has seen the following major changes.
Some may require changes in your setup.

## Removed portal_quickinstaller
Plone no longer ships with the `portal_quickinstaller` tool (`CMFQuickInstallerTool`).
In existing sites, the standard upgrade will remove the tool.
This is the final step in a deprecation path that started in Plone 5.1.
Documentation on how to switch to GenericSetup and the new installer, can be seen in the old [Plone 5.1 upgrade guide](
https://docs.plone.org/develop/addons/upgrade_to_51.html#installation-code).

See [PLIP 1775](https://github.com/plone/Products.CMFPlone/issues/1775).

## Dexterity site root

> For contenttypes, in Plone 4 and 5 you had the option to use the old Archetypes or the new Dexterity framework.

Reviewer: I think it should be `content types` see: https://github.com/plone/documentation/blob/82bfbb3c74db1ff9b35dd1afff9c123e89590aa4/working-with-content/adding-content/adding-new-content.rst#content-types
```suggestion
For content types, in Plone 4 and 5 you had the option to use the old Archetypes or the new Dexterity framework.
```
